So welcome to this section which is about giving you
a short intro into cameras and Attribute Geometry.
On the following, you will learn about the pinhole camera which helps you understand
how light from an object forms an image and it's transformed into pixels.
You will learn some basic facts about lenses and about the aperture,
about image distortion, and about differences between CCD and CMOS images.
This knowledge will be useful later in the course when you need
to know how an image has been formed by the camera,
so that you can compute some properties of objects in the scene,
such as, for example, time to collision to another vehicle.
So let's move on and see you soon.